
Exploring Asteroids: A Survey

Asociada con German Aerospace Center (DLR)
This research presents a synthetic data generation pipeline using DLR's OAISYS simulator to create synthetic, realistic asteroid models and image datasets for improving machine learning algorithms in asteroid exploration and mining. The study overcomes the limitations of sparse real-world asteroid data by generating diverse RGB-D images, masks, and 6D pose data, which are crucial for training Convolutional Neural Networks for autonomous navigation and pose estimation in space exploration.
This research presents a synthetic data generation pipeline using DLR's OAISYS simulator to create synthetic, realistic asteroid models and image datasets for improving machine learning algorithms in asteroid exploration and mining. The study overcomes the limitations of sparse real-world asteroid data by generating diverse RGB-D images, masks, and 6D pose data, which are crucial for training Convolutional Neural Networks for autonomous navigation and pose estimation in space exploration.
Aptitudes: Software Development · Python · Blender · Linux · Bash · Git · Computer Vision · Astrofísica


Exploring Asteroids - A Survey
This research was conducted as part of my work at DLR, where I achieved a grade of 1.3 on the German grading scale, the second highest attainable. This illustration displays the front page of the research, which serves as a precursor to my Master’s thesis, from which data will be derived.This research was conducted as part of my work at DLR, where I achieved a grade of 1.3 on the German grading scale, the second highest attainable. This illustration displays the front page of the research, which serves as a precursor to my Master’s thesis, from which data will be derived.

Sample Trajectory Generation using an enhanced OAISYS
For each synthetic asteroid model, a trajectory is generated. This results in physically accurate poses relative to its orbital parameters, including observational time and rotational velocity, as well as its physical properties derived from calculations of its center of mass, moments of inertia, and rotational dynamics around its principal axis. This analysis accounts for one of three possible trajectories: direct, retrograde, or polar.For each synthetic asteroid model, a trajectory is generated. This results in physically accurate poses relative to its orbital parameters, including observational time and rotational velocity, as well as its physical properties derived from calculations of its center of mass, moments of inertia, and rotational dynamics around its principal axis. This analysis accounts for one of three possible trajectories: direct, retrograde, or polar.

YOLOv7 Object Detection Implementation
Once the dataset of synthetic asteroid images has been generated, a YOLOv7 object detection pipeline is implemented. This pipeline enables high-accuracy detection of asteroids, even under harsh environmental conditions characterized by variations in albedo and reflectance. The images include randomly selected samples of asteroids, enhancing the robustness of the detection process.Once the dataset of synthetic asteroid images has been generated, a YOLOv7 object detection pipeline is implemented. This pipeline enables high-accuracy detection of asteroids, even under harsh environmental conditions characterized by variations in albedo and reflectance. The images include randomly selected samples of asteroids, enhancing the robustness of the detection process.
